{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf480
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Oblique;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-BoldOblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green12\blue238;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11540\viewh11840\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Show Name: Musica Nova\

\f1\b0 \ulnone Time Slot: Saturday / 9:00 AM to 11:00 AM\
Show Tag Line: Musica Nova - Classical Music\'ca\
Host(s): Robin Hebert\
Description: Musica Nova takes a journey of discovery through one thousand years of classical music history. Canadian composers are featured regularly along with occasional surprises of jazz and world music.\
Contact email: musicanova@cjsr.com\

\f2\i Sarah, we could also maybe mention that Musica Nova with Robin has been on the air since Jan 1984 and is one of our longest running programs.  Or not. Whatever fits.  -chad
\f1\i0 \
\

\f0\b \ul Show Name: Northern Air\

\f1\b0 \ulnone Time Slot: Sunday 4-5 pm\
Show Tag Line: Northern Air showcases new folk and folk influenced\
music from all across Canada\
Host(s): Kristi Beckman\
Description: Northern Air features exclusively Canadian folk and folk\
influenced music released within the last year. Focused on sharing new\
intersting Canadian folk music and providing information on  songs and\
artists. Special focus each show on local talent from CJSRs home of\
Alberta.\
Contact email: kristi@cjsr.com\
Twitter: N/A\
Facebook: N/A\
Other Social Media: N/A\
Website: northernair.tumblr.com\
Would you like a blog hosted on cjsr.fm? YES, please!\
\

\f0\b \ul Show Name: Hip Hop Buffet\

\f1\b0 \ulnone Time Slot: Sat 1-3am\
Show Tag Line:\'caHip hop buffet - your one stop shop for good hip hop\
Host(s): Butter Chicken Wolf, Cartwright The Architect, DJ Double Booked\
Description:\'caPlaying hip hop music from old school, new school, and everything in between.\'ca\
Contact email: music@hiphopbuffet.ca\
Twitter: @hiphopbuffet\
Facebook: www.facebook.com/hiphopbuffet\
Other Social Media:\
Website: www.hiphopbuffet.ca (coming soon)\
Would you like a blog hosted on\'cacjsr.fm?: \'caYes, we do not currently have a blog\
\

\f0\b \ul Show Name: VRSS\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f1\b0 \cf0 \ulnone Time: Mondays 10-11am
\f0\b \ul \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f1\b0 \cf0 \ulnone Hosts: Matt and Annie\
Tag Line: An eclectic music showdown\
Description:\
Contact email: vrss@cjsr.com\
Twitter: @vrsscjsr\
Website: vrss.tumblr.com\
It'd be nice to have a blog hosted by CJSR, but not if it's too much work on your end\
\

\f0\b \ul Show Name: Ragas and Rhythms \

\f1\b0 \ulnone Time slot: Sundays from\'ca12:06 -13:00. \
Show tag line: Music from the Indo/pakistani region.\
Hosts: Janine Pidruchney and Asif Nazarali.\
Show description: all genres of music from India and Pakistan: Classical, popular, devotional, fusion, folk, Bollywood,jazz,blues, electronic.\
Contact email,: asifnazarali@gmail.com and jl-pid@hotmail.com. \
Twitter: N/A\
Facebook: N/A\
Other Social Media: N/A\
Website: N/A\
Would you like a blog hosted on cjsr.fm? N/A\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Twang n' Thangs\

\f1\b0 \ulnone Monday 1-3 pm\
The best in Independent Country/Roots/Folk and Old Timey Gems\'ca\
Thea and Amy\

\f0\b *Description:\'ca \

\f1\b0 Contact email: twang@cjsr.com\
Twitter:\
Facebook:\
Other Social Media:\
Website: www.twangnthangscjsr.wordpress.com\
\

\f0\b \ul Show Name: Full English Breakfast\

\f1\b0 \ulnone Time Slot (day of week/start and end time):\
Thursday 7-9 am\
Show Tag Line: Eclectic music, current news and bikey chat\
Host(s): Peter Chapman with CJSR's bicycle traffic reporter Karly Coleman\
Description:\
A lively blend of new music,  quirky news and bicycle chat. On the last Thursday of the month, join us from 8am for an extended topic on Bike Bits.\
Contact email:\
peter@cjsr.com\
Twitter: @petercjsr\
Facebook: facebook.com/ThePeterChapman\
Other Social Media:\
http://www.mixcloud.com/petercjsr/\
http://soundcloud.com/ptrchpmn\
myspace.com/feboncjsr\
Website: n/a\
Would you like a blog hosted on cjsr.fm? eg. Yourshowname.cjsr.fm (we can also export pre existing blogger/wordpress sites to move the content to cjsr.fm):\
Yes please. Can you make the sub-domain: peter.cjsr.fm\
\

\f0\b \ul Show Name: Hip Hop Spread on Planet Bread\

\f1\b0 \ulnone Time Slot (day of week/start and end time): Sunday 22:00-23:00\
Show Tag Line:  CJSR's only global hip hop music show, tracking the globalization of rap. \
Host(s): DJ Spooky Luke & Tam Tam the Destroyer\
Description: Hip Hop Spread on Planet Bread investigates the global spread of hip hop culture. Tracking the spread of hip hop world wide from the 1980's until the m                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ost recent global rap. \
Contact email: blacksparrows@hotmail.com\
Twitter: nope\
Facebook: Hip Hop Spread on Planet Bread (fan page)\
Other Social Media: \
Website: radioscum.blogspot.com\
Would you like a blog hosted on cjsr.fm? eg. Yourshowname.cjsr.fm (we can also export pre existing blogger/wordpress sites to move the content to cjsr.fm): yeah that might be a good switch up \
\

\f0\b \ul Show Name: Terra Informa\

\f1\b0 \ulnone Time Slot: Tuesdays from 5:00 to 5:30 pm\
Show Tag Line: Terra Informa - Your source for environmental news.\
Host(s): numerous (You could say "the Terra Informa team".)\
Description: Each week Terra Informa delivers coverage of breaking environmental news from across the country and around the world. From corporate wrongdoings to tips on living a little greener, we're your source for the news that the mainstream media missed.\
Contact email: terra@cjsr.com\
Twitter: @Terra_Informa\
Facebook: www.facebook.com/terrainforma\
Other Social Media: iTunes Podcast: http://itunes.apple.com/ca/podcast/terra-informa/id480264280\
Website: terrainforma.ca\
Would you like a blog hosted on cjsr.fm? No thanks.\
\

\f0\b \ul Show Name: Skeptically Speaking\

\f1\b0 \ulnone Time Slot (day of week/start and end time): Fridays 6pm-7pm\
Show Tag Line: Guiding you through the fascinating world of science and critical thinking.\
Host(s): Desiree Schell\
Description: Skeptically Speaking interviews the experts to help listeners understand the arguments and evidence behind what\'d5s in the news and on the shelves, and delves into the slippery social issues to which one can apply science and critical thinking.\
Contact email: feedback@skepticallyspeaking.com\
Twitter: SkepticalRadio\
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/SkepeticallySpeaking\
Other Social Media: Google Plus - https://plus.google.com/u/0/117201667676179079189/posts\
Website: http://skepticallyspeaking.com/\
Would you like a blog hosted on\'cacjsr.fm? eg.\'caYourshowname.cjsr.fm\'ca(we can also export pre existing blogger/wordpress sites to move the content to\'cacjsr.fm): No thanks.\
\

\f0\b \ul Show Name:The Missing Link\

\f1\b0 \ulnone Time Slot (day of week/start and end time): 11pm until 12am\
Show Tag Line: Hip Hop they've been hiding from you and your loved ones\
Host(s):DJ Dirty Needlz and DJ Dice\
Description:Underground, independent and Canadian Hip Hop from the eighties until now.\

\f0\b Contact email: themissinglinkcjsr@gmail.com\

\f1\b0 Twitter:@touch182\
Facebook:\
Other Social Media:\
Website:\
Would you like a blog hosted on cjsr.fm? eg. Yourshowname.cjsr.fm (we can also export pre existing blogger/wordpress sites to move the content to cjsr.fm):No thank you.\
\

\f0\b \ul Show Name: Ranking B's Fortress Of Soulitude\

\f1\b0 \ulnone Time Slot (day of week/start and end time): Tuesdays from 6pm to 7pm\
Show Tag Line : Soul-centric Sounds from Then & Now\
Host(s): Ranking B\
Description: 1 hour of Soul, Funk, Afrobeat, R'n'B, Boogaloo, Pysch, & Neo-Soul \
Contact email: rankingb@cjsr.com\
Twitter: @rankingb\
Facebook:\
Other Social Media:\
Website: www.fortressofsoulitude.blogspot.ca\
Would you like a blog hosted on cjsr.fm? eg. Yourshowname.cjsr.fm (we can also export pre existing blogger/wordpress sites to move the content to cjsr.fm): Sure!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f3\i\b \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Show Name
\f0\i0 : Se\'96or Blues\

\f2\i\b0 \ulnone Time Slot
\f1\i0 : every other Saturday, 7:00-9:00am\

\f2\i Show Tag Line
\f1\i0 : Blues music programming\

\f2\i Host
\f1\i0 : Qasim Hirani\

\f2\i Description
\f1\i0 : Two hours of nothin' but the blues! Tune in to hear blues classics, new releases, buried treasures, artist spotlights, and of course, live blues!\

\f2\i Contact e-mail
\f1\i0 : senorblues@cjsr.com\

\f2\i Blog
\f1\i0 : {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://senorbluesblog.blogspot.ca/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 senorbluesblog.blogspot.ca}}\cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Show Name/Tag line: Field Tracker - Sundays at 11pm - Ambient music radio\'ca\

\f1\b0 \ulnone Host:\'caMatthew Gooding\
Description:\'caAn all ambient radio show focusing on everything that is slow. Drone, electronic, and experimental music at the sleepiest time of the week.\'ca\
Contact email -  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:fieldtracker@cjsr.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 fieldtracker@cjsr.com}}\
Twitter: No twitter\
Facebook:\'ca{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.facebook.com/FieldTracker"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 https://www.facebook.com/FieldTracker}}\
Website: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://fieldtracker.wordpress.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 http://fieldtracker.wordpress.com/}}\
I don't think I need the blog hosted on cjsr.fm\
\

\f0\b \ul Show Name: Catch The Beat\

\f1\b0 \ulnone Time Slot (day of week/start and end time): Saturdays 4-6pm\
Show Tag Line:  Eclectic electronic dance music program.  (should we have something a little more snappy?)\
Host(s): Bron, Raebot & Moe Lowe\
Description: Canada's longest running electronic music program showcasing the best in eclectic underground dance music from past, present and future.  First aired in September 1986 it has become a backbone to the underground dance music scene in Edmonton.  \
Contact email: danksoul@gmail.com  or   eonrae@gmail.com \
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/groups/117941984887958/ \
Other Social Media: www.mixcloud.com/CatchTheBeat \
Already have a blog (needs an update tho) - http://catch-the-beat.blogspot.ca/ \
\

\f0\b \ul Show Name: Gaywire\

\f1\b0 \ulnone Time Slot: Thursday 6-7pm\
Show Tag Line: Gaywire - Radical queer news and culture radio.\
Host(s): Alexa DeGagne, Jil Jorgensen, Diana Olexin\
Description: Since the 1980s Gaywire has been Edmonton's source for queer news, politics, arts, culture, and beyond.\
Contact email: gaywire@cjsr.com\
Twitter: http://twitter.com/#!/gaywire  \
Facebook: www.facebook.com/gaywire   \
Other Social Media: http://gaywire.tumblr.com\
Website: nope\
\

\f0\b \ul Show Name: Local-Motive\

\f1\b0 \ulnone Time Slot (day of week/start and end time): Monday's from 9AM - 10AM\
Show Tag Line:  Local-Motive - Eclectic programming to your local dial.\
Host(s): Mark Berg & Amanda Khamvongsa\
Description: Local-Motive brings new music each week to your local dial. \
Contact email: localmotive@cjsr.com \
Twitter: @Mark__Berg & @RomancingVinyl\
Facebook: N/A...yet\
Other Social Media: N/A\
Website: www.RomancingVinyl.com\
\

\f0\b \ul Show Name: The Laughing Face\

\f1\b0 \ulnone Time Slot (day of week/start and end time): Tuesday 1pm-2pm\
Show Tag Line: Themed eclectic music show\
(Is this ok? I feel like I don't know what the tagline should be.)\
Host(s): Nancy\
Description: The Laughing Face is an hour-long eclectic music show with a different theme every week. The music in a particular episode can come from different genres, time periods, or countries, but it all relates somehow to the theme, whether that theme is Star Trek, musicals, winter, or George Orwell. Tune in for music, geekery, and fun!\
Contact email:  thelaughingface@cjsr.com\
Twitter: @thelaughingface\
Facebook:\
Other Social Media: thelaughingface.tumblr.com\
Website:\
Would you like a blog hosted on cjsr.fm? Can thelaughingface.tumblr.com be hosted as thelaughingface.cjsr.com?\
\

\f0\b \ul Show Name: Afro Caribbean beats\

\f1\b0 \ulnone Time Slot (day of week/start and end time):  Sunday 2-3pm\
Show Tag Line: Contemporary African and Caribbean music\
Host(s): Dj Pozo (Abofu Alemka)\
Description:\
Contact email: djpozo@cjsr.com\
Twitter:\
Facebook:  I will create one\
Other Social Media:\
Website:\
Would you like a blog hosted on cjsr.fm? eg. Yourshowname.cjsr.fm (we can also export pre existing blogger/wordpress sites to move the content to cjsr.fm): Yes\
\

\f0\b \ul Jazzology\

\f1\b0 \ulnone 11 am Sunday\
Jazz show exploring new artists and old chestnuts .\
Steve MacLeod\
Fantastic Jazz journey for those new to Jazz or a passionate fan\
jazzology@shaw.ca\
}