{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf480
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11540\viewh11840\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Soul of the City\

\f1\b0 \ulnone Thursdays Noon to 1\
Show Tag Line: Looking into the arts & culture that feed the soul of the city.\
Twitter: @MRsoulofthecity\
\

\f0\b \ul Show Name: Voice of Eritrea  (1/2)  This show alternates week to week\

\f1\b0 \ulnone Time Slot (day of week/start and end time):  Sundays from 1:00 to 2:00 pm but it is shared among two groups.\
Show Tag Line: Offers news, community event announcements,  educational materials (on democracy, governance, \'c9), cultural songs.\
Host(s):  Mike Berhane and Zed Ghebremusse \'d0 besides Habteab Tecle also helps when needed.\
Description: The program is shared by two Eritrean entities \'d0 one by the Eritrean Community Association of Edmonton (ECAE) and the other by a group that works as the mouth piece of the totalitarian regime Eritrea.  The one covered by the ECAE focuses more on the life situation of Eritreans in Edmonton/diaspora.  It is the voice of reason and democracy for all Eritreans.\
Contact email: mebrahtu@telus.net\
Twitter: N/A\
Facebook: N/A\
Other Social Media: N/A\
Website: N/A\
Would you like a blog hosted on cjsr.fm?:  No.\
\

\f0\b \ul Show Name: Necrotechs UNITE!\

\f1\b0 \ulnone Time Slot: Tuesday, 9pm - 11pm\
Show Tag Line: Necrotechs UNITE!: Industrial/Metal music on CJSR\
Host: the Shadow\
Description: Bringing together listeners of all dark natures! A mix of electronic-based and dark music, including industrial, electro-club, techno, heavy metal, nu metal, psychobilly and other fun tunes. It's all music I enjoy and want to share with the listeners!\
Contact Email: shadow@cjsr.com\
Twitter: @sulkingShadow\
Other Social Media: myspace.com/sulkingshadow\
Website: www.fuddafudda.com\
Blog on cjsr.fm?  Sure, why not?\
\

\f0\b \ul Show Name: Fourre-Tout\

\f1\b0 \ulnone Time Slot: Tuesdays from 11:00 AM to 13:00 PM\
Show Tag Line: Fourre-Tout a French suitcase, a variety show in which all francophone can belong. \
Host(s): Chantal Londji Dang\
CONCEPT/DEFINITION: \
Fourre-Tout is like a holdall, a soft rectangular bag in which one can fit things of all sorts. The idea for Fourre-Tout comes from the French word fourrure, meaning fur and from the verb fourrer which means to fill or pack something. Despite the fact that fourrer in French-slang can also be used with a sexual connotation, we are far from being the Tuesday morning sex show. Fourre-Tout represents our show more in the sense that we deliver a wide variety of musical genres and news for every age group and every taste. \
Description: We are a magazine radio show that aims at informing, entertaining and uniting francophones while connecting with the various cultures that form our Francophone/Francophile Edmonton Community. The programming of Fourre-Tout is committed to reflect the particular characteristics of French cultural\'camosaic.\
Contact email: fourre-tout@shaw.ca\
Twitter: http://twitter.com/fourre_tout\
Facebook: www.facebook.com/pages/Fourre-Tout/239144247826\
Other Social Media: http://www.myspace.com/fourretout\
Website: http://www.myspace.com/fourretout ( I do not have any at this time)\
Would you like a blog hosted on\'cacjsr.fm?:  I need more explanations on this first before I will decide, for example: I wish to see some samples first\'c9\
\
\

\f0\b \ul Show Name: The Tiny Bubbles Radio Hour\

\f1\b0 \ulnone Time Slot (day of week/start and end time): Tuesday, 8 p.m. \
Show Tag Line: Radio that will change your life. Missing it would be foolish.\
Host(s): Heather\
Description: Show tunes, old comedy records, rock 'n roll, pop, The Omnivore's Guide to the Arts w/ Lada, and the Gmail Agony Line.\
Contact email: tinybubblesradio@gmail.com\
Twitter: bubblesradio\
Facebook:\
Other Social Media:\
Website: tinybubblesradio.tumblr.com\
Would you like a blog hosted on cjsr.fm?  No.\
\
\

\f0\b \ul VRSS
\f1\b0 \ulnone  show description:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 DJ's Annie and Matt each pick an opposing theme in music and face off in an hour long clash of eclectic music and mayhem. \
\

\f0\b \ul ACIMOWIN
\f1\b0 \ulnone \
Friday 9:04 \'d0 11:00am\
Tagline: \'d2IndiginiZing the Airwaves\'d3 with \'d2jo-jo on the Radioh\'d3, ACIMOWIN is Cree for let\'d5s talk, let\'d5s share, let\'d5s tell stories and that is just what we do.\
ACIMOWIN Host: Jo-jo  Local filmmaker: Tracie Louttit\
Description: \'d2IndigeniZing the AirwaveZ\'d3 is a mixed media program of video and radio.  Which brings audiences behind the scene, up close and personal as host, Jo-Jo invites guests into a forum for discussion on indignity and current issues we face as indigenous people.  The show also highlights and celebrates our gifts and talents as indigenous artists, musicians, performers and entertainers.    \
e-mail: acimowin@cjsr.com\
Twitter: @acimowin\
Facebook: acimowin on cjsr\
Other Social Media: You Tube, Acimowin\
Linkdin: jo-jo on the radio\
Website: In process\
Would you like a blog hosted on cjsr.fm?:  I would like to blog\'c9yes. \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \

\f0\b \ul Show Name: Sounds Ukrainian\

\f1\b0 \ulnone Time Slot (day of week/start and end time): Fridays, 7-9 pm\
Show Tag Line: Not your parents' Ukrainian music show\
Host: Lada\
Description: Ukrainian music programming covering at least six centuries and even more genres, with new tunes every week\
Contact email: soundsukrainian@cjsr.com\
\

\f0\b \ul Show Name: 5 River Beat\

\f1\b0 \ulnone Time Slot : Thursday/8 to 9pm\
Show Tag Line:  5 River Beat \'d0 CJSR\'d5s Bhangra Specialist\
Host(s): Ramneek\
Description: Raw Punjabi Folk, Bhangra and Bollywood Funk Straight from the Motherland\
Contact email: 5riverbeat@cjsr.com\
Website: 5riverbeat.com}